README.md, before:

# Spotify Autocomplete

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.1.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Update Readme + Add play audio

README.md, after:

# Spotify Autocomplete
Spotify Autocomplete is a simple Angular app that allows users to search for artists, albums, or tracks on Spotify using an autocomplete feature.
It uses the Spotify Web API to fetch data and display it to the user.

## Features
- Type in the autocomplete search bar for searching for artists, albums, and tracks.
- Results are displayed in a grid format.

## Technologies Used
- Angular v15
- RxJS
- Bootstrap
- Spotify Web API

## Pre-requisites
1. Make sure that you have the latest Node.js installed on your machine.
2. Click [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to download the latest node version

## Installation
1. Navigate into the project directory: `cd spotify-autocomplete`
2. Install the required dependencies: `npm install`

## Achievements
- All the requirements were fulfilled
- Spotify Authorization Code Flow OAuth 2.0 was implemented
- Multiple unit tests have been added
- README.md file has been added

## Possible Future Expansion
- Implement Share functionality for sharing tracks
- Implement View functionality for viewing albums and artists
- Implement Play functionality for playing tracks
## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
